o interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.o examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.n Section 1.3.1. that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection ospect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniquhe documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the ald understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is alsAn important class of prses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.larity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in re looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.f news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in t, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.es, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is chhe Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.aracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.oblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well is
