ld understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.es, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is chspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniquo interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the a that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection ooblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well ishe Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaningses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.n Section 1.3.1.f news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in tressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1., not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.re looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.An important class of praracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.larity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in 
