 that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection oaracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.es, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.re looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.o examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1., not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.n Section 1.3.1.ses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaningspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniqua large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is choblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well is,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the af news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in tAn important class of pro interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.larity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in ld understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is als
