 that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection oly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.es, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1., not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ld understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is alsspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniquses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.n Section 1.3.1.oblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well isressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaningo examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is chAn important class of praracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.o interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.larity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in f news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in t
