es, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1., not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.f news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in t,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1. that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection on Section 1.3.1.larity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in ly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the ao interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaningld understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is alsAn important class of pra large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is choblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well isaracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.spect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniquo examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.re looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.
