larity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in ses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the af news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in tn Section 1.3.1.a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is ch,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.re looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.o examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.es, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1., not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.oblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection oAn important class of praracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.o interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.spect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniquld understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is alshe documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning
