An important class of prn Section 1.3.1.a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is chhe documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.spect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniquses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.es, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1., not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.aracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.re looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.o examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.f news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in to interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.oblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well ishe Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaningly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the a,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ld understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is als that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection olarity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in 
