, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.aracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaningspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniquhe documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aa large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is ch that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection oressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.f news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in tes, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.oblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well isAn important class of prre looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ld understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is alslarity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in o examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.n Section 1.3.1.o interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.
