he Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.o examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.spect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniquoblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well ises, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.o interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.n Section 1.3.1. that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection oly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aaracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.larity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in ld understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is alsre looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is chhe documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.An important class of pr,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.f news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in t
