An important class of prressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.aracter-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.ly similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aes, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.n Section 1.3.1.f news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in tlarity addresses well is that of finding textually similar documents in re looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.spect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniquoblems that Jaccard similarity addresses well iso examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1., not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.o interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.he Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaninga large corpus such as the Web or a collection of news articles. We should understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is chld understand that the aspect of similarity we are looking at here is character-level similarity, not “similar meaning,” which requires us to examine the words in the documents and their uses. That problem is alshe documents and their uses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1. that of finding textually similar documents in a large corpus such as the Web or a collection oses. That problem is also interesting but is addressed by other techniques, which we hinted at in Section 1.3.1.
